I understand that then
one of the women who has to keep a millionth off a new success
maria sharapova
the Russian and played against her compatriot alla kudrjavtseva
for a place in the third round
this is the 20 year old alla koedriavtseva
if you think there I know mine had played so last year in the first round
admired four match points against the later winner and she only lost 7
5 in the third set
she is playing again against a player from the top ten against maria sjarapova de
winner of 2004
this year placed third in london
sjarapova has a very moderate start a lot of unnecessary mistakes it goes
very bad according to services
the reformed mind
maybe it comes on a 4 2 lead
it then becomes 5 2
in the first set smoothly with 6 2 but the response is awaiting
set of the russin played very solidly
maria sjarapova no chance, as said, gave sharapova far too many unnecessary
errors and no less than five duplicate errors
by one of the second set
you can sharapova a little better in the match
it becomes 2 2
four at a time
sharp over serving
again such a carelessness of sharapova
in the whole party it made 22 unnecessary mistakes
those are not numbers that suit a player like maria sjarapova
a breakpoint they again in favor of kudryavtseva
and she grabbed it
gent on a 4 2 lead
doctor van kluun the sensation in the air
sjarapova then returns
the hunt opened on a 5 4 lead
of course falls for maria sjarapova
making her opponent come up with sports
one of the for the decision
and so the sensation is what it is
He went to the temple last night
however, the winner of 2004 maria sjarapova dropped out
for men, canada is already on its way to its third consecutive final at
the men
The Spaniard discarded the Latvian super talent in four sets